<h1> Home page for E-sports </h1>
<h3> What is E-sports? </h3>
 <p> eSports describes the world of competitive, organized video gaming. Competitors from different leagues or teams face off in the same games that are popular with at-home gamers: Fortnight, League of Legends, Counter-Strike, Call of Duty, Overwatch and Madden NFL, to name a few. These gamers are watched and followed by millions of fans all over the world, who attend live events or tune in on TV or online. Streaming services like Twitch allow viewers to watch as their favorite gamers play in real time, and this is typically where popular gamers build up their fandoms. </p>

 <h3> Where's the money in eSports? </h3>
 <p> According to research from Newzoo, eSports revenue will reach $906 million worldwide in 2018. By 2019, that number is expected to surpass $1 billion.
That's a lucrative market, not only for the players, but for brands and video game producers as well. Madden 19, the game featured at the tournament in Jacksonville, is part of the long-running EA Madden Franchise. Since its inception nearly 30 years ago, the EA Madden Franchise has sold more than 130 million units, totaling more than $4 billion in revenue.
eSports players, not unlike traditional athletes, can rake in big money: Tournaments can boast millions of dollars in prize money, which is typically split between the players on the winning teams. That means the world's very tip-top players can easily earn seven figures in a year. Teams and event organizers also benefit from tickets sales for these competitions. That popular League of Legends tournament from 2017? It generated $5.5 million in ticket sales.
After the shooting, EA Sports canceled the three remaining Madden Classic qualifier events to review safety protocols for competitors and spectators, according to a release issued by the gaming company.
Players also earn money from sponsorships, endorsements and league salaries. To that end, Newzoo reports brands will invest $694 million in eSports ventures this year alone.
According to the numbers and the seemingly unstoppable cultural momentum, eSports will continue to grow as an industry -- and a pastime -- for the foreseeable future. By the end of 2018, 1.6 billion people will have some knowledge of eSports -- that's more than one fifth of the entire world's population. So if you haven't heard much about eSports yet, give it time. Its spread, both globally and culturally, is inevitable. </p>

<h3> Can You Get Rich Playing Video Games? </h3>
<p> For many years, the answer to this question was a resounding no. However, with Esports now taking off, the answer is now firmly yes. The total prize money given out at all the Esports events in 2015 was a whopping $61 million: a 70% year-on-year increase. For the first time, the answer has to be: yes, you can get rich by playing video games.

This may not be the most stable career path to take, but people will begin to consider it as their potential career. Recently, a Brazilian footballer quit the game to become a professional FIFA player and it is expected that more people will do this in the future as the Esports job market increases. On a side note, a lucky esports bet can also get you rich if you like this. </p>
